Small text changes to align between rebuttal and main text (#23)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

We first looked at possible gender differences in quotes and found a large, but decreasing, gender gap when compared to the general population in all but one article type.
Additionally, this result was consistent in articles written by journalists predicted to be women or men.
We found that one column, "Career Feature", has an equal number of quotes from both genders, showing that gender parity is possible in science journalism.

> This finding, coupled with the near equal number of articles written by male and female predicted journalists, argues for more diversity in topical coverage. 

Reviewer: As I'm thinking about this, is it more appropriate for this to be "journalists predicted to be women or men"? I may have introduced an incorrect change. We are probably predicting gender more than sex.

"Career Feature" articles highlight current topics relevant to working scientists and frequently highlight systemic issues with the scientific environment.
This column allows space for marginalized people to critique the current state of affairs in science or share their personal stories.
This type of content encourages the journalist to seek out a diverse set of primary sources.
Including more content that is not primarily focused on recent publications, but all topics surrounding the practice of science, can serve as an additional tool to rapidly achieve gender parity in journalistic recognition.

When considering the relative proportion of authors and speakers predicted to be men, we only find a slight over-representation of men. This overrepresentation is dependent on the authorship position and the year.

> Before 2010, predicted male quotes are overrepresented in comparison to both first and last authors, but between 2010 and 2017 predicted male quotes are only overrepresented in comparison for first authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before 2010, quotes predicted as from men are overrepresented in comparison to both first and last authors, but between 2010 and 2017 quotes predicted from men are only overrepresented in comparison for first authors.
```

> In 2020, we find a slight over-representation of female quotes relative to first and last authors, but still severely under-represented when considering the general population.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2020, we find a slight over-representation of quotes predicted to be from women relative to first and last authors, but still severely under-represented when considering the general population.
```

The choice of comparison between first and last authors can reveal different aspects of the current state of academia.
While this does not hold in all scientific fields, first authors are typically early career scientists and last authors are more senior scientists.
It has also been shown that early career scientists tend to be more diverse than senior scientists [@doi:10.7554/eLife.60829; @doi:10.1096/fj.201800639].

> Since we find that quotes are only slightly more likely to come from a last author, it is reasonable to compare the relative rate of predicted male quotes to either authorship position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we find that quotes are only slightly more likely to come from a last author, it is reasonable to compare the relative rate of predicted quotes from men to either authorship position.
```

Comparison with last authorships may reveal more how gender bias currently exists whereas comparison with early career scientists may reveal bias in comparison to a future, more possibly diverse academic environment.

> We hope that increased representation and recognition of women in science, even beyond what is observed in authorship, can increase the amount of female first and last authors such that it better reflects the general population.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope that increased representation and recognition of women in science, even beyond what is observed in authorship, can increase the proportion of women first and last authors such that it better reflects the general population.
```
